README.md, before:

Dotfiles are the customization files that are used to personalize your Linux or other Unix-based system.  

This repository contains my personal dotfiles. They are stored here for convenience so that I may quickly access them on new machines or new installs. Also, others may find some of my configurations helpful in customizing their own dotfiles.  

### My dotfiles includes:
- [.bashrc](https://github.com/danillucky1234/dotfiles/blob/main/.bashrc)
- [.vim/](https://github.com/danillucky1234/dotfiles/tree/main/.vim)
- [.vimrc](https://github.com/danillucky1234/dotfiles/blob/main/.vimrc)
- [gnome terminal profile](https://github.com/danillucky1234/dotfiles/blob/main/gnome-terminal-profile.dconf)
- [neofetch](https://github.com/danillucky1234/dotfiles/blob/main/.config/neofetch)
- [i3](https://github.com/danillucky1234/dotfiles/blob/main/.config/i3)
- [i3blocks](https://github.com/danillucky1234/dotfiles/blob/main/.config/i3blocks)  

These files are needed to make i3blocks more beauty, it's a shell scripts:  
- [i3cpu](https://github.com/danillucky1234/dotfiles/blob/main/.local/bin/i3cpu)
- [i3mem](https://github.com/danillucky1234/dotfiles/blob/main/.local/bin/i3mem)
- [i3vol](https://github.com/danillucky1234/dotfiles/blob/main/.local/bin/i3vol)

#### [How to export gnome-terminal profile?](https://gist.github.com/reavon/0bbe99150810baa5623e5f601aa93afc)

Commit message:

Updated .vimrc file - added more functionality; added lock.sh script that create a snapshot of the monitors, blur these photos and make them as lock screen; updated i3-config file - deleted some unuseful comments; updated README.md

README.md, after:

### What are dotfiles?
Dotfiles are the customization files that are used to personalize your Linux or other Unix-based system.  

This repository contains my personal dotfiles. They are stored here for convenience so that I may quickly access them on new machines or new installs. Also, others may find some of my configurations helpful in customizing their own dotfiles.  

### My dotfiles includes:
- [.bashrc](https://github.com/danillucky1234/dotfiles/blob/main/.bashrc)
- [.vim/](https://github.com/danillucky1234/dotfiles/tree/main/.vim)
- [.vimrc](https://github.com/danillucky1234/dotfiles/blob/main/.vimrc)
- [gnome terminal profile](https://github.com/danillucky1234/dotfiles/blob/main/gnome-terminal-profile.dconf)
- [neofetch config](https://github.com/danillucky1234/dotfiles/blob/main/.config/neofetch)
- [i3](https://github.com/danillucky1234/dotfiles/blob/main/.config/i3)
- [i3blocks](https://github.com/danillucky1234/dotfiles/blob/main/.config/i3blocks)  

Also I have some scripts which help me to make my configs better:
- [lock screen](https://github.com/danillucky1234/dotfiles/blob/main/.local/bin/lock.sh) - This script create snapshots of the monitors, blur them and add them as bg for lock screen. [This is what it looks like](https://cloud.degoo.com/share/7hZUJVQkmc3PuD5bIx5RVQ)
- [i3cpu](https://github.com/danillucky1234/dotfiles/blob/main/.local/bin/i3cpu) - This script scrapes the information about the 10 programs that load the system the most and displays the temperature of the computer in the tray
- [i3mem](https://github.com/danillucky1234/dotfiles/blob/main/.local/bin/i3mem) - This script scrapes the information about the 10 programs that consume the most memory and displays the total amount of used memory in the tray
- [i3vol](https://github.com/danillucky1234/dotfiles/blob/main/.local/bin/i3vol) - This script takes the thunder level on the computer and displays it in the tray  

#### [How to export gnome-terminal profile?](https://gist.github.com/reavon/0bbe99150810baa5623e5f601aa93afc)
